   
Job Description for Software Developer  
 (Package - 775,000 Per annum)  
 
1. Independently  think  of solutions  to complex  requirements;  possess  exceptional  logical  skills  
2. Work  on products  that are used across  platforms  (e.g.  Mobile  Devices,  Tablets)  
3. Collaborate  with  back -end developers  and web  designers  
4. Conduct  developer/unit  testing  and release  activities  
5. Optimize  applications  for maximum  performance  
6. Build  reusable  code  and libraries  for future  use 
7. Can multi -task and stay organized  in a dynamic  work  environment  
8. Collaborate  with  back -end developers  and web  designers  
Requirements:  
1. Knowledge  in HTML5,  javascript  and jQuery  
2. Knowledge  in using  Bootstrap  and CSS3 to  support  responsiveness  and build  rich UI applications  
3. Knowledge  in at least  one of the front -end Javascript  frameworks e.g.  Backbone,  Angular,  React  JS 
4. Good  understanding  of OO programming  and design  patterns  
5. Good  debugging  and optimization  skills  
6. BE/MCA  or higher  in a computer  related  field  
 
 
 
 
Job Description for Quality Engineer  
(Package -620,000 Per annum)  
 
1. Review  client  requirements  and internal  specifications.  
2. Write  detailed test  scenarios,  test cases,  and test data  based  on specifications.  
3. Test for functionality,  usability  and accessibility.  
4. Test for responsive  design.  
5. Perform  regression  testing  across  multiple  devices.  
6. Analyse  issues  and work  with  design  and development  teams to  reach  mutually  
agreeable solutions.  
7. Describe  issues  in a clear,  concise,  and unambiguous  manner .  
 
Requirements:  
1. Strong  written  and verbal  communication  skills  
2. Good  logical  and problem  solving  ability  
3. Ability  to work  in a team  
4. Exposure  to web -based  tools  and technologies  
5. Willingness  to learn  new  skills  
    
Job Description for Instructional Designer/ EdTech User 
Experience Designer (Package -705,000 Per annum)  
1. Conceptualizing and defining features of educational products  
2. Creating design documents and storyboards with detailed layouts  
3. Translating high -level requirements into functional interfaces  
 4. Wire -framing and prototyping with interaction flows  
5. Presenting and executing designs as a part of software development teams  
 
Requirements:  
1. Knowledge of latest design trends, techniques, and technologies  
2. Awareness of tools like Axure, Adobe XD  
3. Problem solving mindset  
4. Strong written and verbal communication  
5. Strong documentation and presentation skills  
6. Willingness to learn  
 
 
Job Description for Visual Designer / User Interface Designer 
(Package -645,000 Per annum)  
 
1. Conceptualizing the visual identy of educational products  
2. Creating visually pleasing interfaces for digital learning products  
3. Creating moodboards and visual identities  
4. Researching visual design trends and best -practice  
5. Translating high -level requirements and wireframes into functional user interfaces  
6. Presenting and executing designs as a part of software development teams  
 
Requirements  
1. Good color, layout, typography, and iconography skills  
2. Awareness of tools like Adobe XD, Photoshop and Illustrator.  
3. Strong verbal, written, and visual communication skills.  
4. Strong design and presentation skills.  
5. Willingness to learn.  
 
 
 